taming the challenge an opportunity to
hit this one and it's a brilliant finish
by beggar's while eventually still get
something on the balls always moving
away from Sampson to get back on level
terms Tom said one word it's a classic
corner what codes he undone from the set
piece and Stephen Thompson do what he
does best just a little touch from the
head and it's one one
pushed away my freezer beautiful floor
dead ball and Thompson's making a real
nuisance of himself today figures with
the free kick woman rode a bike cause
nobody picked him up and Ross coats you
in the core he's more used to stopping
doors but grant Munro look at the
marking that small contingent of County
fines delighted Daniel linen had some
harsh words break what's to do all sorts
of problems here's Thompson squared off
the line one the referees pointed to the
spot and grotmann law is absolutely
furious with the decision
great opportunity for some minun to get
back on level terms guy oh and almost
touched away but I'm short and the power
in the end puts it into the net
to the box and buckin yet again Ross
County undone with a ball into the box
park in this time he gives with a free
kick boys Sampson had to get there did
he get the touch Biggers cuddling that
ball little Bonin it's a good save
Jim Goodwin so strong in the challenge
is Kenny McLean we decided to hit that
when I sneaked up to the back of the net
Kenny McLean has produced some special
shorts this season but not one deceived
the goalkeeper
as County still trying to fight the way
back into this game passing the we out
of trouble elaborate there
in turn could be cut out here Quinn what
coming in or the second shot into the
back of the net and that was superb
technique from Rocco and keeping his eye
on it and putting it away from Samson
right along geodetic Adams urging his
players forward they believe he could
get the equalizer in this match
more than a little nervous he is Quinn
once more ah he's done it again the
equalizer for Ross County they just
don't know when they're beaten but once
again Quinn lovely touch to control and
the finish means it's on us even for for
what a game seconds running out here the
crowed really have been entertained is
Kerry
Glenn an opportunity here maybe a last
chance
this tops it all that is fantastic what
are we to win a game Stephen Thompson he
scored one with the head but that is
absolutely spectacular
you